Updated the decision and consequences section of the manfiests-kustomize ADR (#83)
cds-snc/notification-adr: records/2024-06-04.manifests-kustomize-cicd.md

## Decision

> We decided with the proposed solution. This is a long term solution that will require some time but provide many benefits.

Author: ```suggestion
We decided to adopt the proposed solution. This long-term approach will require some time but offers significant benefits.```

## Consequences

> At the time of this writing (i.e. 2025-05), we implemented step 1 and 2 of the proposed solution. This proved to be very useful and the pros were delivered as planned. The Helm migration took some effort but we now have a more controlled way to deploy with the list of differences between environments. The migration brought a few issues as we heavily refactored our environment variables handling. On the plus side, this was a good clean up opportunity.

Author: ```suggestion
As of May 2025, we have implemented steps 1 and 2 of the proposed solution. This proved to be very useful and the pros were delivered as planned. The Helm migration took some effort but we now have a more controlled way to deploy with the list of differences between environments. The migration brought a few issues as we heavily refactored our environment variables handling. On the plus side, this was a good clean up opportunity.
```
